Provide additional clarifications around OCB (#6714)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/contributing/development.md

You're now ready to [build](#build), [serve](#serve) or make updates to the
website files.

## Local development container setup

These instructions are for running a
[development (dev) container](https://containers.dev/) locally using
[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com).

> You will first need to install the
> [VSCode dev containers extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers#_installation).
> You will only need to do this once. To install the extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You first need to install the
[VSCode dev containers extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers#_installation).
You only need to do this once. To install the extension:
```

```bash
code --install-extension ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers
```

Once the extension is installed:

1.  [Fork][] and then [clone][] the website repository at
    <{{% param github_repo %}}>.
2.  Open up the project in VSCode:

    ```bash
    code opentelemetry.io
    ```

3.  Access the VSCode command palette using `ctrl + shift + p` (or
    `command + shift + p` for Mac users), and navigate to

>     `Dev Containers: Rebuild and Reopen in Container`. This will open up a new
>     VSCode window and will build the dev container for the first time. For
>     subsequent times, you can select `Dev Containers: Reopen in Container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Dev Containers: Rebuild and Reopen in Container`. This command opens up a new
    VSCode window and builds the dev container for the first time. For
    subsequent builds, you can select `Dev Containers: Reopen in Container`.
```
